bpo-37755: Use configured output in pydoc instead of pager (#15105)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-06-02-13-35-11.gh-issue-81936.ETeW9x.rst

> :func:`pydoc.Helper.help` and :func:`pydoc.Helper.showtopic` now respect a
> configured *output* argument to :class:`pydoc.Helper` and not use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`!help` and :meth:`!showtopic` methods now respect a
configured *output* argument to :class:`!pydoc.Helper` and not use the
```

Author: Heh, the easy way :). Thanks.
